one of my favorites what can I say so
influential on me these Tunes but
basically what we have is a D chord and
it's in it's in a it's like a waltz it's
in three
one two and three
so we're gonna add our pinkie a whole
step higher on the g string than where
my first finger is
so let's zoom in I'll start showing you
what's going on okay so I've got this D
chord I've got the capo on the 2nd fret
and I've got a D chord and I go like
this let's learn the notes of the melody
so it's where that note is right there
this is all over D chord so far pinky a
whole step our pinky off again and in
that string open so
then forth what we call the forthright 1
2 3 4 from the capo on the D string
and that's all with the concept of the D
chord
so if you look at my right hand you
could kind of just strum it the higher
strings
so let me show you what we have so far
we have
so when I get to that then I go dead on
you know on the
then I'm gonna hit second fret on the
d-string
then the open g string see that then
fourth fret on the d-string
and then the D chord
so let me do it normal
so just remember I hit this note and
then the open g string which is this
string but open so try not to have your
first finger block it in this one fourth
on the D string D chord
one more time one more time so then I go
to a C chord so you hit the third fret
with your ring finger you form the C
chord but you're gonna just hit this
third fret alone and the open g string
then middle finger on the second fret of
the a string and then that string open
back into the a chord so yeah we have
here's what we have
one more time okay we need one other
part a D minor now so first fret first
finger ring finger on the third fret of
the B string middle finger on the second
fret of the g string
to G and this is in three one two one
two
so it's in three two
the G D minor again
now E minor to a
all right hope you dug it I'd love for
you to come check out the site it's
totally free to sign up for the site and
then you're on my list and that's how I
correspond with my request so I would
love it if you went over there and
signed on up and then you know we can
keep in touch that way and you can check
me out on Twitter and all that stuff but
anyway this bird has flown